[release/v1.0] release: v1.0.2 (#3595)
envoyproxy/gateway: site/content/en/latest/releases/v1.0.2.md

---
title: "v1.0.2"
publishdate: 2024-06-12
---

Date: June 12, 2024

## Installation
- Use Patch API for infra-client
- Use ServerSideApply instead of CreateOrUpdate for infra-client

## Testing
- Fixed failures due to an expired certificate in one of the translator tests

## Translator
- Use <proto>-<port> for naming service and container ports
- Added proxy protocol always as first listenerFilter
- Set ignoreCase for header matchers in extAuth
- Added backend TLS SAN validation
- Fixed ReplaceFullPath not working for root path (/)

## Providers
- Fixed duplicated xroutes are added to gatewayapi Resources
- Fixed security policy reference grant from field type
- Fixed Route extension filters with different types but the same name and namespace aren't correctly cached

> - Fixed secrets/configmap updates do not trigger a controller reconcile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed secrets/configmap updates to trigger a controller reconcile by removing the generationChanged predicate
```

Author: Done
